Spying creature Qin Feng
Who do you think you are?
Qin Jun?
Isn't that enough to prove that you helped me get started?
Lord Chen Xuan
Are you supposed to give me an explanation?
What explanation do you want?
Since you have been ordered to give me the Qin military order
You should know
Moisturizing in the eyes of the Qing army
Now I take the order of the Qing army
Kill him Qing Bing
No more beards.
I was overdone by the Qing army when I saw you. What's wrong?
Qingjun, you shut up for me
Don't hit the emperor
I am your biological son
I protected him from childhood to adulthood
Now I'll help you kill him
See what you do hahaha
Why do you want to see a secret
I have very little military power now
It represents the determination of a thousand troops
Lord Xuan Que
You are pitiful but dear to the fire of the army
Are you trying to rebel?
Or you and this
What's the shady relationship?
shut up
I drowned the whole army
My lord, it's just that you can give me a no
Are you still confused about the situation?
This is clearly to pull prejudice
How dare you come to test the military column
I seriously doubt it now
He and this little white face who specializes in eating soft rice
Have a leg on you
how
Do it, concubine
You are ordered to kill Qingfeng again with the order of Qing Army
I was
I just wanted to see if you were repentant
So clown
Then since you know your mistakes and don't change them
Hmm
Let them
Let go yes
All-out sniper boy cuts you one
Bankrupt yourself in three minutes
Three minutes to think of the emperor
Dream on
Exactly.
Our three families have profound heritage
You're just a hand in September
Why let us go bankrupt
The two concubines
We respect you three points
But I didn't expect you to do it for such a waste
Even the Qing military order dared to resist
Hmm, I'd like to see it
How did you let the three of us go bankrupt?